Remove Android bits and add limitations on ios platform views (#8833)
flutter/website: src/platform-integration/ios/platform-views.md

{% sample Objective-C %}

In Objective-C, add the headers for the factory and the platform view.

> For example, as shown in `FLNativeView.swift`:

Reviewer: Should this be `FLNativeView.h` for Objective-C?

}
```

## Performance
Platform views in Flutter come with performance trade-offs.

For example, in a typical Flutter app, the Flutter UI is 
composed on a dedicated raster thread. 
This allows Flutter apps to be fast, 
as the main platform thread is rarely blocked.

When a platform view is rendered with hybrid composition, 
the Flutter UI is composed from the platform thread. 
The platform thread competes with other tasks 
like handling OS or plugin messages.

When an iOS PlatformView is on screen, the screen refresh rate is 
capped at 80fps to avoid rendering janks.

For complex cases, there are some techniques that can be used 
to mitigate performance issues.

For example, you could use a placeholder texture while an 
animation is happening in Dart. 
In other words, if an animation is slow while a platform view is rendered, 
then consider taking a screenshot of the native view and rendering it as a texture.

## Composition limitations
There are some limitations when composing iOS Platform Views.

- The [`ShaderMask`][] and [`ColorFiltered`][] widgets are not supported.
- The [`BackdropFilter`][] widget is supported, 
but there are some limitations on how it can be used. 

> See the [iOS Platform View Backdrop Filter Blur design doc] for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, check out the [iOS Platform View Backdrop Filter Blur design doc][design-doc].
```

As per GSDG, the condition goes first.

[`ShaderMask`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/foundation/ShaderMask.html
[`ColorFiltered`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/foundation/ColorFiltered.html
[`BackdropFilter`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/foundation/BackdropFilter.html
[`defaultTargetPlatform`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/foundation/defaultTargetPlatform.html

> [iOS Platform View Backdrop Filter Blur design doc]: flutter.dev/go/ios-platformview-backdrop-filter-blur

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[design-doc]: {{site.main-url}}/go/ios-platformview-backdrop-filter-blur
```
